Hey, good morning, family. How are you
all
doing today? I have my wife with me again.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, she's
not to walk behind you; she's
to walk beside you concerning
things.'I
want her on the broadcast more. I want
her to come on and talk more.
She has a
lot inside of her. She's
been in the background
doing emails and things like that,
and
now we're
homeschooling the kids and getting ready
for this new school year. It's a lot,
but there is so much inside of her,
and I want to hear more. I'm
going to bring her on more and we're
going to talk.
The Lord told me a couple of days
ago—I've
had some amazing
visitations in the last two weeks.
The intensity of the river
has doubled on my
life with the things the Lord is
showing me. I call it the prophetic pulse.
I'm so
humbled that He would come and visit me, but it's for you all. He
instructs me about my own
life—things
that I can't talk about. I try
to talk about it and people say, 'Well,
you're
bragging,'so
I've realized there are a lot
of things I just keep quiet now.
I'm learning; this whole thing has
been like a fire hydrant
shot right at me. The Lord
said, 'Brandon, you can't talk about some
of this stuff.'I realized some
of the things He's showing me
are
for
me
to pray over
personally.
I'm a work
in progress. Diana
and
I
are
just grabbing on with
both fingers and our
teeth, saying we're not letting go.
People want to
know how Megan is doing.
She's getting better and
better. A
miracle is a miracle even if it's
progressive. The doctor said
she would
stay at the mental capability
of a two-and-a-half-year-old for
the rest of her life,
but
we're
believing
God
that
we're going up.
She's come a long
way,
but we still have a long way to go.
For the first
time in years, we
are
able to go to
church as a family and not just
watch online because of the distraction
she had been in public. The
ushers
used to have us
leave because she was so
disruptive, but now we
can
sit in the back and pray
for the people. It's been such a
blessing. They're having a prayer
conference in Branson,
Missouri. Sister
Billie
Brim is going to be having a prayer
conference in October. I think it
would be wonderful if you all support her.
The Lord showed me a
great move of God coming for
that area.
Great signs and wonders are coming to
Branson, Missouri, and the Lord told me it's going to start with Billie Brim. I asked, 'Why her, Lord?'and He
said,
'Because
she asks for it over
and
over.'I
saw a
Shekinah
Glory cloud,
like a thick
fog, the presence of the Lord coming
in
like it did in the Old Testament.
I saw a glory
cloud come in while she's doing
prayer.
I
anticipate it every time.
It
will be birthed out of love and
prayer.
They will have a major move of God. I
saw a glory cloud
coming in and people being
healed when that presence of the Lord
comes into that auditorium.
Everyone
will be healed in
that
service—nothing
missing, nothing broken,
Shalom.
It's time for
an outpouring
like we've never seen before. The
Lord said,
'Brandon,
you need to talk about
the
things that I'm going to
do and the glorious
outpouring.'He
told
me to inspire
His
people and go back to the basics—to teach prayer and the
Word. That's the balance. You
have
to have the
Word as a balance; it's like a
teeter-totter
that
keeps you
from getting
off into weirdo
land.
We want to follow the Holy Spirit in our
lives and ministry.
The bottom line
is teaching you how to stand by faith
and pray in the Spirit. If you
don't pray in tongues,
you're missing out.
Praying in the Spirit
stirs
yourself
up. Diana
and I
keep
going
despite
the waves that have
knocked us down over the years.
We
will serve the Lord,
fighting the good fight of faith
and
standing on the Word
as
Holy Ghost-filled Christians who
will
not compromise.
We will not bend our knee to
Baal.
I
met Diana at Jeremy
Pearsons'Bible
study.
We've been
together
since she was 15
and married for
over 20 years.
We've stayed together
through
everything because
of
prayer and love.
I
can
be
a rascal
and
I'm not always easy to be with,
but
we're going to make it.
For
those
of
you
who
are
weary
because
you
aren't
seeing your
manifestation,
I want to inspire you
to keep on keeping on.
Stand
therefore.
What keeps us going
is the Word of God
and
finding books that
fan that flame.
I
love the book
*The Man Who Talks
with the
Flowers* about George
Washington Carver.
It's
an
older book by Glenn Clark. Carver's relationship with the Lord
inspires me. Because I have learning disabilities and
don't
read
well,
Diana
reads
to
me.
She
reads
at
least
books
a
year.
The
simplicity
of
his relationship with
God
is
beautiful. It doesn't have
to be complicated;
we should
come
to
God like a child.
What fans your flame?
For
me,
it's books like this and
the
healing testimonies
of Azusa
Street. I've been
reading
*True Stories of the Miracles of
Azusa
Street*. If He did it once,
He'll do it
again. God is no respecter of persons.
I've seen a great
revival and that glory
cloud coming.
One last
call: if you truly
realize how much Jesus loves
you—He
oozes
love.
Being
touched by the
Father
changes you and makes you
soft.
Two nights ago, I was on a
ladder
putting a
new light up,
and the presence of the Lord hit me
so
hard
I had
to get down.
I saw
again what's
coming: I saw the
devil and all the principalities
and legions behind
him.
They were at attention,
looking at the Father,
knowing
their time was up.
The
light from the
Father's throne was blinding.
I
saw Satan cowered down,
hunkered toward the
ground.
He knew the
sun had set on humanity.
Jesus is
coming.
If your heart is not right,
you're going to get left.
Get
your heart right before the Father right
now. If you're
walking on the fence, woe unto you.
Satan was cowering,
melting down like a fool
because he turned his back on the
King of Kings.
The principalities and powers
looked worried.
They knew they made the wrong choice by
following the devil.
Every knee will bow and every
tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is
Lord. Even those devils
will
tremble.
We are about
to step into our glorified bodies
and rule
with Him forever.
I saw a major
move of God coming to
Hollywood—to
A-list
celebrities like Justin
Bieber. They
are
hurting
and
thirsty
for
more. They
will
have
a
great influence in bringing others to
the kingdom because God
will
touch even the
hardest people.
I want to read
a
beautiful testimony about a healing that
took place at Azusa Street.
The Lord told me He wants
His
people to believe bigger.
This
story
is
of a child whose second
teeth grew in rotten and black.
Lucille said, 'God will heal
anything.'Lucille
laid
a handkerchief
over the child's mouth and prayed.
A handful of blackened teeth
dropped into
a
cup.
Then
new
teeth grew in one at a time.
The child
said it kind of
tickled.
Sister Lucille was a
little
woman,
but
she
could command
a leg to grow or
a
wrist
to
heal.
She
described
the
Shekinah
Glory
as
a
mist-like
cloud.
She would sit
in it and play in it,
and
it was like breathing in pure oxygen.
The scent was like lilacs
or
roses.
When
they would
sing in the Spirit,
the
glory would
rise and fill the whole room.
Megan is going to be radically healed like
that.
I'm expecting it.
It will be a
sign to the world that Jesus Christ is
the same yesterday, today, and forever.
I'm trying to inspire you to
believe bigger.
This is
how I keep myself
afloat—testimonies
and
Kenneth
Hagin's
books.
Faith
comes
by hearing.
We have
challenges,
but
God is faithful.
We live by faith,
selling
on eBay and
Poshmark.
Here
is a testimony from a brother who had
a visitation from Jesus.
He
was praying
at his kitchen table
and
saw
a
vision
of
himself
in
a
field.
The Lord walked
up
and said, 'Come on, get up; it's time
to
work.'He
wore
simple white robes
and
had
dark skin, long
hair, and a dark beard.
They
walked
through
hills
of
cattle,
and
the
Lord
said, 'I
need
a
cowboy.'The
brother
said, 'You've got one, Lord.'The Lord
said, 'A
cowboy needs a horse,'and
the brother
replied, 'Even a string
of horses, Lord.'It made Him smile.
Jesus
communicates as a
friend.
If you don't know Him,
this
is
your
last call. Will you
bow your knee today?
No
sin
is
too big for Jesus to forgive.
Say this prayer:
'Jesus, I'm a
sinner. Write my name in the Lamb's Book
of Life. I
believe You are the Son of God.
Forgive me of my sins.
I want
to come home. Thank You
for
setting
me free from sin,
sickness, and
disease.'Now,
find
a
Bible
and
a
good
church.
Let's
believe for your miracle now.
Father,
in
the
name
of
Jesus, I believe
they are
healed
from the top of their head
to the soles of their feet.
Cancer, go now. Diabetes, go
now. We call for new organs, restored eyesight, and hearing. I call
for healing from strokes. We command tumors
to shrivel and go. I thank You
for restoration in the colon, stomach, and
thyroid. I call for healing of the
prostate, ovaries, and uterus. No more miscarriages.
We
call
the
wayward children home.
I curse breast cancer;
go now in Jesus'name. I call
for
healing
of
throat
cancers and
gum
disease.
I
command
Celiac disease
to
be
healed.
I thank You
for
restoring
marriages.
We believe for
financial
breakthroughs
and
creative ideas.
Thank
You,
Father.
Amen.
Please
subscribe to our channel. We're
going
back to the
basics—teaching
prayer.
Remember
Billie
Brim's conference is October
16th to 21st in Branson. It
will
be a
blessing.
God bless you all.
Jesus loves you.